
                        CS at UW

UW is an accredited university that is well-known for its computer science program. Despite that, it is hard for students to get into the program. Taking a computer degree at UW in Seattle cost about $11,000 per year for in-state residents and about $35,000 per year for out-of-state residents. The program focuses on the theory of computer science and the engineering which allows the students to learn with deeper understanding throughout 4 years. In order to get jobs, the graduates with CS degrees need to prove their skills in a technical interview.
 
                      Coding BootCamp

In Seattle, the cost and the duration vary at Coding Bootcamp. Coding Bootcamp is a fast-paced system that takes about 3-6 months long to teach anyone regardless of their skills up-to-date skills and languages depending on where he/she attends. The cost ranges from $10,000-$21,000 depending on the locations in Seattle. There are 8 Coding Bootcamps currently in Seattle:
-   Flatiron School, Code Fellows, Tech Academy, Coding Dojo, Ada Dev Academy, General Assembly, Galvanize, and University of Washington Coding Boot Camp.
 
Coding Bootcamps’ purpose is to give anyone a career coaching. It follows the curriculum on hands-on and project-based learning. Coding Bootcamps are not usually accredited. Unlike UW, where interview is technical, those who completed Coding Bootcamp need to prove their skills through their portfolio.
 

                          In Conclusion 

Overall, Coding Bootcamp wins in cost, but it requires a greater time commitment compared to studying at UW where students study for four years. The program at UW is very competitive and not all students are accepted whereby, students can be accepted by numerous locations of Coding Bootcamps in Seattle. Furthermore, At UW, students study for a longer time and do the practices that they are learning in classes whereby students who finish Coding Bootcamp may need to do self-study to practice the languages and coding on their own. In other words, four years at college can be much more manageable for some than the shorter, higher intensity Coding Bootcamps.









